Improve browser RUM client-side setup page (#34742)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/client.md

### Step 4 - Verify setup and explore your data

After completing initialization, confirm that the SDK is sending data to Datadog.

#### Verify the SDK is running

1. Open your application in a browser.
2. Open the browser developer tools (**F12** or **Cmd+Option+I**).
3. In the **Console** tab, run:
   ```javascript
   DD_RUM.getInternalContext()
   ```
   If the SDK is initialized, this returns an object containing your `application_id` and `session_id`. If it returns `undefined`, the SDK hasn't initialized. Confirm that your init snippet runs before this console call and that `clientToken` and `applicationId` are correct.

4. In the **Network** tab, filter requests by `rum` or `browser-intake`. You should see POST requests to the Datadog intake endpoint after interacting with the page (clicking, navigating). If you don't see these requests:
   - Confirm that `site` matches your Datadog organization's site (for example, `datadoghq.eu` for EU customers).
   - Check whether your Content Security Policy blocks requests to `*.datadoghq.com` or `*.browser-intake-datadoghq.com`. See [CSP configuration][6] for the required directives.

#### View your data in Datadog

> After the SDK sends its first events, your application’s status changes from **Pending** to active on the [**Digital Experience > RUM Applications**][1] page. This typically takes under two minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the SDK sends its first events, your application's status changes from **Pending** to active on the [**Digital Experience > RUM Applications**][1] page. This typically takes under two minutes.
```
